[Do-not-merge][Compute RN] Add 22.06 (Kepler) Update 2 Release Notes (#523)
PaloAltoNetworks/prisma-cloud-docs: compute/rn/release-information/release-notes-22-06-update2.adoc

:toc: macro
== 22.06 Update 2 Release Notes

The following table provides the release details:

[cols="1,4"]
|===
|Build
|22.06.xxx

|Codename
|Kepler, 22.06 Update 2
//Tentative date
|Release date
|Sep 15, 2022

|Type
|Maintenance release

|SHA-256 digest
|
|===

// Besides hosting the download on the Palo Alto Networks Customer Support Portal, we also support programmatic download (e.g., curl, wget) of the release directly from our CDN:
//
// LINK

toc::[]

=== Enhancements
// GithubIssue PCSUP-issue#

// GH#39229
==== HTTPS Proxy Support for Agentless Scanning

* Agentless scanning now supports connections over an HTTPS proxy server.  If you use custom certificates for authentication, you can now configure custom certificates for the connection to Console when using https://docs.paloaltonetworks.com/prisma/prisma-cloud/prisma-cloud-admin-compute/configure/configure-agentless-scanning[agentless scanning].

// GH# 39754

> ==== Support for Embedding a Defender in a CloudFormation Fargate Task

Reviewer: @ssugandh I think this title is confusing, because we already support it, in Kepler Update 2 we enhanced it.

* Prisma Cloud Compute now supports embedding a Defender to a CloudFormation Fargate task in the YAML format, in addition to the JSON format.
+

> You can use a full CloudFormation template that contains other objects in addition to the Fargate task to generate a protected Fargate task definition.

Reviewer: @ssugandh I want to emphasize that this is another new capability... it is not clear enough from the current sentence. WDYT about something like this: 

```suggestion
Also, Prisma Cloud now supports generating a protected Fargate task definition for a full CloudFormation template that contains other resources except for the task definition itself.
```

+
Use the Console (Manage > Defenders > Deploy > Defenders) or the APIs (/api/22.06/defenders/fargate.yaml, /api/22.06/defenders/fargate.json) to complete the workflow.

// GH#39262
==== Support for More Orchestrators
  
** Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE) version 1.24.2 with containerd version 1.5.13

** Elastic Kubernetes Service (EKS) version 1.23.7

** Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS) version 1.24.3 running on Linux

** AKS version 1.24.3 running on Windows

** Lightweight Kubernetes (k3s) version v1.24.4+k3s1 with containerd v1.5.13-k3s1

** Openshift version 4.11 with CRIO

** Rancher Kubernetes Engine (RKE) version 1.24.4+rke2r1 with containerd 1.6.6-k3s1

//GH#39872
==== Name Update for Cloud Native Network Firewall (CNNF) 
The Cloud Native Network Firewall (CNNF) is now renamed as Cloud Native Network Segmentation (CNNS). 

=== Addressed Issues

// GH#40449 PCSUP-10632
* Fixed an issue that caused Defender to incorrectly report the Host OS as SLES15SP1 instead of SLES15.

// GH#40673 #PCSUP-10988  #PCSUP-1940
* Fixed an internal error that failed to refresh the vulnerability statistics under *Monitor > Vulnerabilities > Vulnerability Explorer*.

> // GH#39394	PCSUP-9241

Reviewer 2: Is this SaaS only? If yes, we need to delete it from this on-prem RN @divyabhushan

* Fixed an explicit deny error when sending a test alert to the AWS Security Hub integration. With this fix, the correct AWS product ARN for US and China regions are used.

// GH#32310 PCSUP-10507
* Fixed an issue for Defenders running on containerd/CRI-O nodes where the image had a mount point to the host filesystem and some parent directory of the mount point was a symlink, leading to host scanning.

// GH#40515 PCSUP-10791
Fixed an issue that prevented editing WAAS rules. On upgrade to 22.06, it was not possible to update or modify WAAS rules configured to protect the same port at multiple endpoints with different attributes, such as TLS, HTTP2, and gRPC.
With this fix, such rules can now be modified.

> // GH#40616 PCSUP-10841

Reviewer 2: @rcaballeromx this is SaaS only. I think we need to delete it in the on-prem RN here.

Reviewer 3: @Pubs-MV I'll remove it and create a separate PR to add it to the admin guide for SAAS only. The sooner we document this limitation the better.

Solved permission template issue in the government permission template for agentless scanning in AWS.

> // GH#40525 PCSUP-10552

Reviewer 2: @rcaballeromx , let's remove this from here. 

Aqsa wants it added in the admin guide. I added a comment in https://redlock.atlassian.net/browse/PCSUP-10552

Reviewer 2: resolved. We are keeping it here with updated wording.

//
// LINK

toc::[]

=== Enhancements
// GithubIssue PCSUP-issue#

// GH#39229
==== HTTPS Proxy Support for Agentless Scanning

* Agentless scanning now supports connections over an HTTPS proxy server.  If you use custom certificates for authentication, you can now configure custom certificates for the connection to Console when using https://docs.paloaltonetworks.com/prisma/prisma-cloud/prisma-cloud-admin-compute/configure/configure-agentless-scanning[agentless scanning].

// GH# 39754
==== Embed a Defender in a CloudFormation Fargate Task in YAML format
* Prisma Cloud Compute now supports embedding a Defender to a CloudFormation Fargate task in the YAML format, in addition to the JSON format.
+
Also, Prisma Cloud now supports generating a protected Fargate task definition for a full CloudFormation template that contains other resources except for the task definition itself.
+
Use the Console (Manage > Defenders > Deploy > Defenders) or the APIs (/api/22.06/defenders/fargate.yaml, /api/22.06/defenders/fargate.json) to complete the workflow.

// GH#39262

> ==== Support for More Orchestrators

Reviewer 2: @rcaballeromx should this heading be **Support for Additional Orchestrators on x86 Architecture**

== 22.06 Update 2 Release Notes

The following table provides the release details:

[cols="1,4"]
|===
|Build
|22.06.xxx

|Codename
|Kepler, 22.06 Update 2
//Tentative date
|Release date
|Sep 15, 2022

|Type
|Maintenance release

|SHA-256 digest
|
|===

// Besides hosting the download on the Palo Alto Networks Customer Support Portal, we also support programmatic download (e.g., curl, wget) of the release directly from our CDN:
//
// LINK

=== Improvements, Fixes, and Performance Enhancements
// GithubIssue PCSUP-issue#
// GH#40449 PCSUP-10632
* Fixed an issue that caused Defender to incorrectly report the Host OS as SLES15SP1 instead of SLES15.

// GH#40673 #PCSUP-10988  #PCSUP-1940
* Fixed an internal error that failed to refresh the vulnerability statistics under *Monitor > Vulnerabilities > Vulnerability Explorer*.

// GH#39394	PCSUP-9241
* Fixed an explicit deny error when sending a test alert to the AWS Security Hub integration. With this fix, the correct AWS product ARN for US and China regions are used.

> // GH#32310 PCSUP-10507

Author: @MayaShani @Pubs-MV Could you please help me select and revise one blurb for this issue out of the three that I have written! Thanks

Reviewer 4: * Fixed an issue for defenders running on containerd/CRI-O nodes where during image scans for containers that changes to the host mount namespace, the host filesystem was scanned.

* Fixed an issue for defenders running on containerd/CRI-O nodes where the image had a mount point to the host filesystem and some parent directory of the mount point was a symlink, leading to host scanning.

Reviewer 4: @divyabhushan

// GH#32310 PCSUP-10507
* Fixed a bug in scanning images that mount on a directory when a parent directory is a symlink, causing many false binary detections.
OR
* Fixed a bug in scanning images on container defenders installed on CRI with CRI-O containerd that mount on a directory when a parent directory is a symlink, causing many false binary detections.
OR
* The image scans on container defenders installed on CRI with CRI-O containerd running from the host namespace are ignored to avoid false binary vulnerability detections.

// GH#39262
* Added support for more orchestrators:
  
** Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE) version 1.24.2 with containerd version 1.5.13

** Elastic Kubernetes Service (EKS) version 1.23.7

** Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS) version 1.24.3 running on Linux

** AKS version 1.24.3 running on Windows

** Lightweight Kubernetes (k3s) version v1.24.4+k3s1 with containerd v1.5.13-k3s1

** Openshift version 4.11 with CRIO

** Rancher Kubernetes Engine (RKE) version 1.24.4+rke2r1 with containerd 1.6.6-k3s1

> // GH# 39754

Reviewer 5: @grevach : Added for GH #532 . Please review

== 22.06 Update 2 Release Notes

The following table provides the release details:

[cols="1,4"]
|===
|Build
|22.06.xxx

|Codename
|Kepler, 22.06 Update 2
//Tentative date
|Release date
|Sep 15, 2022

|Type
|Maintenance release

|SHA-256 digest
|
|===

// Besides hosting the download on the Palo Alto Networks Customer Support Portal, we also support programmatic download (e.g., curl, wget) of the release directly from our CDN:
//
// LINK

=== Improvements, Fixes, and Performance Enhancements
// GithubIssue PCSUP-issue#
// GH#40449 PCSUP-10632
* Fixed an issue that caused Defender to incorrectly report the Host OS as SLES15SP1 instead of SLES15.

> // GH#40673 #PCSUP-10988  #PCSUP-1940

Author: @MayaShani Could you please review and confirm that the error was seen all the time, irrespective of the CVE filter!

// GH#32310 PCSUP-10507
* Fixed a bug in scanning images that mount on a directory when a parent directory is a symlink, causing many false binary detections.
OR
* Fixed a bug in scanning images on container defenders installed on CRI with CRI-O containerd that mount on a directory when a parent directory is a symlink, causing many false binary detections.
OR
* The image scans on container defenders installed on CRI with CRI-O containerd running from the host namespace are ignored to avoid false binary vulnerability detections.

// GH#39262
* Added support for more orchestrators:
  
** Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE) version 1.24.2 with containerd version 1.5.13

** Elastic Kubernetes Service (EKS) version 1.23.7

** Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS) version 1.24.3 running on Linux

** AKS version 1.24.3 running on Windows

** Lightweight Kubernetes (k3s) version v1.24.4+k3s1 with containerd v1.5.13-k3s1

** Openshift version 4.11 with CRIO

** Rancher Kubernetes Engine (RKE) version 1.24.4+rke2r1 with containerd 1.6.6-k3s1

// GH# 39754
* Prisma Cloud Compute now supports embedding a Defender to a CloudFormation Fargate task in the YAML format, in addition to the JSON format.

> ** You can use a full CloudFormation template that contains other objects in addition to the Fargate task to generate a protected Fargate task definition.

Reviewer: @ssugandh this is also a major thing we added. 
So I suggest having a general name for the feature, something like `Prisma Cloud Compute now supports additional options for embedding a Defender to a CloudFormation Fargate task`
And then inside mention both adding YAML format and adding the option for a full CloudFormation template.

> ** You can use the Console (Manage > Defenders > Deployed Defenders) or the APIs (/api/22.06/defenders/fargate.yaml, /api/22.06/defenders/fargate.json) to complete the workflow.

Reviewer: @ssugandh the path should be "Manage > Defenders > Deploy > Defenders" (the path you mentioned is the new path starting Lagrange)

* Fixed an explicit deny error when sending a test alert to the AWS Security Hub integration. With this fix, the correct AWS product ARN for US and China regions are used.

// GH#32310 PCSUP-10507

> * Fixed an issue for defenders running on containerd/CRI-O nodes where the image had a mount point to the host filesystem and some parent directory of the mount point was a symlink, leading to host scanning.

Reviewer 4: Need to add also this point: 
* Fixed an issue for defenders running on containerd/CRI-O nodes where during image scans for containers that changes to the host mount namespace, the host filesystem was scanned.

2 issues were fixed here
